Update signin and signup (#362)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/components/authentication/sign-in.mdx

            <li>path: Path-based routing.</li> 
            <li>virtual: Virtual-based routing.</li>
          </ul>

>           Note: If you are using Environment Variables for Next or Remix to specify your routes, this will override to 'path'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Note: If you are using Environment Variables for Next.js or Remix to specify your routes, this will be set to `path`.
```
